chore(middleware): clarify usage (#7045)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/middleware.mdx

Middleware is available in both SSG and SSR Astro projects.

:::note

> In SSG, the middleware runs during the **build process**. Once the app is built, the middleware won't run in the deployed website. This is valid also for prerendered pages.
> In SSR, the middleware runs once the website is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On pre-rendered pages, the middleware runs only during the **build process** to create static pages and does not run in the deployed website. This includes all pages in a `static` (SSG) project.

For on-demand rendered pages in `server` or `hybrid` mode, the middleware runs in the deployed website when the route is requested.
```
What do you think about this? I tried to split up prerendered vs. on-demand. rendered because SSR can have 2 kinds of pages.

Author: I think the `hybrid` requires an additional clarification. Astro pages are rendered statically by default unless a user sets `prerender = false`.

Reviewer: Thanks @ematipico, I updated to be even more explicit. What do you think now? Too much?  :smile:

Author: That's great! Thank you
